HTML: better documentation for 'Void element' (#21195)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/tag/index.md

In {{Glossary("HTML")}}, a **tag** is used for creating an {{Glossary("element")}}.

> The name of an HTML element is the name used in angle brackets such as `<p>` for paragraph. Note that the end tag's name is preceded by a slash character, `</p>`, and that in {{glossary("void element", "void elements")}}, the end tag is neither required nor allowed. If {{Glossary("attribute", "attributes")}} are not mentioned, default values are used in each case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of an HTML element is the name that appears at the beginning of the element's start tag and at the end of the element's end tag (if the element has an end tag). For example, the `p` in the `<p>` start tag and `</p>` end tag is the name of the HTML paragraph element. Note that an element name in an end tag is preceded by a slash character: `</p>`, and that for {{glossary("void element", "void elements")}}, the end tag is neither required nor allowed.
```
